yo jammers fly on right now and so for
my branch of house cut sometimes a bunch
of detection why they leap stuck in the
late night down and fly so high hate
everyone ship is that nobody smiling
plush blue the pilot there thank you
goodnight look like Karen mighty I side
with the yellow hair he sped up
graduated think I trickle now I gotta
dodge clubs like I play music in English
and Irish Vipers and fog agents mastery
in their tracks oh no such look I'm
gonna get back on my affair as I seen
the blackberry just and a black cab came
to my rescue damn I glad lightning drive
enhanced
it seems nowadays campfires Arab a price
is best because the tropicals myself
inside of me hey I have my panasonic GF
404 sarah has a radar DCR 5000 mining go
let go 0.5 x magnifier and i have a lot
of extras with it and i include all
those in the info everything is in
perfect shape perfect condition what
everyone's saying only three ccd sensor
and heads are clean everything is clean
DV tapes working it I don't have any
taste to include with it sorry but you
can get those like two bucks each but I
mean packs of 5 to 10 or you can buy
signals i'm not sure on amazon and you
need a firewire cable and have the
polarizers and remote two batteries and
chargers which half send the track and a
bag for everything and i'll ship that
everything in that bag yeah for 500 or
best offer and that's little too much
i'm sorry you should tell me but i'm
from what i've seen lens is still for
$90 and then the camera is about 650 use
so i think that's a reasonable and again
but yeah i'm still taking offers because
i'm pretty negotiable I just need money
to upgrade my kids away
the money always want me